Enable mTLS cluster-wide (#3385)
kyma-project/kyma: resources/istio-kyma-patch/README.md

 * Configuration of the [sidecar injector](../../components/istio-kyma-patch/README.md).
 * The Egressgateway, Ingressgateway, policy, and telemetry are configured to use Zipkin from the `kyma-system` Namespace.
 * Monitoring and tracing related resources are deleted.
 * Sidecar injection is enabled in all Namespaces, except those labeled with `istio-injection: disabled`.

>  * A DestinationRule CR disabling (m)TLS for requests to helm tiller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * A DestinationRule CR disabling mTLS for requests to Helm Tiller.
```
